2.1: This product can be used easily among children or people learning how to program. Yes, the product independent and self-contained as 
it doesn't need anything else to run and is it's own program. Yes, this product interacts with a robot that is paired via bluetooth. The program will send the block code you have input and send it to the robot. 
The robot will then execute the code and the result is the robot changing led colors, turning, moving around, etc.

2.2: User Characteristics

      College Student:
	Expereience: Little to none
	Tehcnical expertise: Has worked in a computer repair shop
	Other: Has been in a few programming classes in high school but isn't very skilled in any specific language

      Teacher:
	Experience: Years of using this product or similar
	Technical expertise: Has years of experience working with computers and softwares
	Other: Has many years of experience and knows the ins and outs of many languages

      Middle School Student:
	Experience: None with any language
	Technical experience: None
	Other: Has a strong desire to learn how to build programs

2.3: Assumptions:
	A sphero compatable robot is needed to test the code
	Must know very basic programming in order to use the product
	
	2.4: Constraints:
	The biggest constraint is working with block code as in inherently doesn't have the flexibility of text code, but the program does a good job with the variety of commands it gives.
	However, when it came to running tests everything went smoothly and there were no issues with software.

2.5: Dependencies:
	Somebody in the group needs to know how to use the block code in order for anything to happen
	The robot needs the block code in order to function
	Measurements of the track are needed for the robot to follow or room HH208 needs to be reserved by a group member
	Bluetooth and WiFi is needed in order for the robot to function

3.2.1: Protection:
	Actively saving your progress and making sure nobody but trusted group members has access to your account can help prevent tampering and destruction.
	Also, making sure you close the program whenever necessary is important, as leaving your computer open while not close by can invite people with malicious intent
	to disturb your work.

3.2.2: Authorization and Authentication:
	The authentication for this project is the use of a password that protects the code from anyone that does not have explicit access. 
	Authorization for this project includes commits to the GitHub repository as adjustments can be made there to files if needed.

3.3: Portability:
	The code is a shared file on GitHub, so as long as the requirements are met anyone can have the same outcome as long as the block code is written the same
	As long as the operating system is recent and up to date, the sphero program can be used. 

4. Requirements Confirmation/Stakeholder sign-off
	11/22/2020
	Zoe(COO), Keven(PM), Maryam(PM)
	We reviewed all the requirements and confirmed them together
